{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 README FOR HQ2INCENTIVES.CSV\

\fs24 \ulnone \

\fs28 HQ2 Incentives\
Created: 9 December 2018\
Author: Caroline Thompson, Columbia GSAPP
\fs24 \
\
How to Contribute: \
1. Add unlisted cities/states/counties who responded to HQ2\'92s October 2017 RFP, the incentives offered, and the link to the bid or reputable source of information. \
2. Update offered incentives based on released FOIAs, released bids via open government initiatives, or other new information (and add sources accordingly). \
\
Credits: Created with data outlined in Link_Intel, ReleasedBid, Leaked_Post1113, and Other Intel Links columns. \
\
Licensed under MIT License.
\b0 \
\

\b \ul COLUMNS\ulnone :\
City - 
\b0 Name of city submitting the bid or that would host the HQ2.
\b \
State - 
\b0 Name of state or province submitting the bid or that would host the HQ2.
\b \
Country - 
\b0 Name of country or group of countries submitting the bid or that would host the HQ2.
\b \
HQ2 Finalist - 
\b0 Boolean, 1 for those that were in the 20 finalist cities announced, 0 for all others. 
\b \
HQ2 Victor - 
\b0 Boolean, 1 for those that received an HQ2 (New York/Long Island City, Crystal City, and Nashville), 0 for all others. 
\b \
SiteName - 
\b0 Name(s) of sites offered by the RFP respondent(s) as possible hosts of HQ2. 
\b \
Population - 
\b0 Population of the host geography (the state/county/city proposing to host HQ2). 
\b \
Y - 
\b0 Latitude of central point of one of the sites, or of the home of the state/county/city\'92s governing body. 
\b \
X - 
\b0 Longitude of central point of one of the sites, or of the home of the state/county/city\'92s governing body. 
\b \
Local_Before - 
\b0 Amounts released via report or media of the incentives offered at the local (city/county) level. 
\b \
State_Before - 
\b0 Amounts released via report or media of the incentives offered at the state level. 
\b \
Total_Before - 
\b0 Amounts released via report or media of the incentives offered at the state and local levels. 
\b \
Local_Leaked_Post1113 - 
\b0 Amounts released via report or media of the incentives offered at the local (city/county) level via FOIA release, media updates, other leak, or releases after 13 November 2018, the date the final HQ2s were announced. 
\b \
State_Leaked_Post1113 - 
\b0 Amounts released via report or media of the incentives offered at the state level via FOIA release, media updates, other leak, or releases after 13 November 2018, the date the final HQ2s were announced. 
\b \
Total_Leaked_Post1113 - 
\b0 Amounts released via report or media of the incentives offered at the state and local level via FOIA release, media updates, other leak, or releases after 13 November 2018, the date the final HQ2s were announced. 
\b \
Total_Final - 
\b0 Incentive amounts offered via official release or via most recent media update, depending on the availability of the data for the city/county/state. 
\b \
Total_PerCapita - 
\b0 Total_Final - Pop of Host Geography. Indicates total incentives offered per capita of the host geography (city/county/state)
\b \
Total_Final_String - 
\b0 Total_Final, in a string format with $ and thousands indicators, for legibility. 
\b \
Total_PC_String - 
\b0 Total_PerCapita, in a string format with $ and thousands indicators, for legibility. 
\b \
PublicationMethod - 
\b0 Methods in which the values of the incentive amounts were reported/published. Includes \
 - Not Offered: Host geography did not offer incentives\
 - Values: most to all of the incentives were published with dollar amounts\
 - Not Tabulated: most if not all of the incentives offered did not have a value amount offered\
 - Not Released: RFP respondents did not release their bid, but have not been asked to release via FOIA yet. \
 - Redacted: RFP respondents released the bids with most if not all of the incentives offered redacted. \
 - Denied FOIA: RFP respondents denied Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests or did not respond within the required time. 
\b \
PublicationMethod_Code - 
\b0 Numerically coded form of Designation, from 1 indicating Not Offered to 6 indicating Denied FOIA, intended for use in determining quantities of requests via histogram or other format. 
\b \
IncentiveType - 
\b0 Types of incentives offered in the bid. 
\b \
StateBid - 
\b0 Boolean, indicates "yes" if part of a statewide bid, or "no" if an independent city/county bid. 
\b \
Link_Intel - 
\b0 Main source used to determine incentives offered. 
\b \
ReleasedBid - 
\b0 Bid (or letter or other item) indicating incentives offered. 
\b \
Leaked_Post1113 - 
\b0 Source for incentive amounts leaked or released after 13 November 2018. 
\b \
Other Intel Links - 
\b0 Other links used to tally the incentives offered.
\b \
Notes - 
\b0 Notes on bid contents/incentives, ways of tallying, or noteworthy bid components. 
\b \
\
}